Add a note about 0-count buckets to the histogram tutorial (#548)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/cookbooks/main_ping_exponential_histograms.md

| `{"bucket_count":20,"histogram_type":0,"sum":19145,"range":[1,1000],"values":{"237":0,"340":1,"1000":1}}` |
| `{"bucket_count":20,"histogram_type":0,"sum":1996,"range":[1,1000],"values":{"698":0,"1000":1}}`          |

> In this representation, `bucket_count`, `histogram_type`, and `range` represent the number of buckets, the histogram type (as an index: 0 means exponential), and the range of possible values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this representation, `bucket_count` and `range` represent the number of buckets and the range of possible values.

`histogram_type` is an enumerated value that describes whether the histogram has linear, exponential, or categorical buckets; the values are [defined in the Firefox source code](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/rev/0c682c4f01442c3de0fa6cd286e9cadc8276b45f/toolkit/components/telemetry/core/nsITelemetry.idl#18-32).
```

While we're here...

Author: Good suggestion, thanks!
